in Gaza where there is a fierce battle
in the north of the strip the Israeli
military says five of its soldiers have
been killed and another seven injured in
jabalia it says it was an incident of
Friendly Fire Israeli helicopters
carrying out strikes in Northern Gaza
let's bring in our correspondent T Abu
AUM for the latest he in darala in
central Gaza T what more do you know
about the circumstances of the death of
these five Israeli soldiers
well what was happening in fact fully in
jabalia refugee camp is that the
military started to deeply push Into the
Heart of the jabalia refugee camp in
order to militarily dismantle the uh
military capabilities of Hamas movement
as they have been claiming before but
the battles there have been described to
be the hardest and the deadliest ever
because the level of confrontations are
extremely high specifically that the
military wing of Hamas has been
releasing different videos showing
attacks being carried out against the
Israeli troops and different ampush
being made by the Palestinian Fighters
they managed within the past 24 hours to
trap uh dozens of Israeli soldiers
killing five at least of them while
seven others being wounded but the
Israeli military has Justified the
killing of those soldiers being hit by a
friendly tank Shield fire which means
that the Israeli military has been under
intense military pressure in that Camp
which considered to be one of the
stronghold of Hamas movement in that
area so generally the uh the ongoing
confrontations are still ongoing till
till now as the Israeli military has
been completely uh depending on use of
excessive Firepower represented in
destroying residential buildings
alongside with key Civil infrastructure
in that area but they managed to
partially withdraw from some certain
streets in the camp there but at the
same time they are trying to redeploy
their troops in a way that can avoid
them to get high casualties as the going
going on with confrontations with
Palestinian armed groups there yeah
there there's Fierce fighting clearly in
the north uh tar while people are
fleeing the South heading to the
north yes according to the United
Nations at least 600,000 Palestinians
have fled from Raa District uh since the
beginning of the military incursion for
the city
while only in the the past 48 hours at
least 150,000 others being uh fleeing
from that area as more controversial
military evacuation orders being passed
to the uh residents of the central areas
of Rafa as the Israeli military has
mobilized more troops in order to expand
the fighting to each of this area
despite the Israeli description for the
operation to be uh limited but what it's
happening is using uh collateral
destruction in the Eastern portion of
the City where confrontations are still
ongoing there within the past couple of
hours more attacks on Rafa District
where uh four Palestinians have been
killed from the same family in the
western part of Rafa and also the
military has dropped leaflet in the
western areas of rafah District close to
almasi area for Israeli captives uh
calling for any any kind of help to get
them uh by Palestinian residents and
this is a part of the Israeli ongoing
efforts in order to restore their
captives and mainly the have been having
different kinds of confrontations where
casualties among Palestinian civilians
in the rafah district continue to rise
and to arrive to Al Kuwaiti Hospital in
light of the great difficulty that
emergency workers have been coming
through during their process of
searching for victims in areas of
confrontations due to the high intensity
of bombardment there fly T thank you
very much for the update that's Al's tar
abum reporting there live from Dara Bala
in central Gaza
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jaaz